Once upon a time , there was a pig mother who gave birth to three piglets . The pig brother was very sleepy , very lazy , and was dozing off all day long .
Pig brother is very fond of eating , he is also very lazy , pig younger brother is a hardworking good child often work hard .
One day , the pig mother told them that you all grew up . You should build your own house , live by yourself , farm your own land , and live your own life . I want you to take care of yourself .
Big brother pouted his mouth and lazily walked out of the house , hehe ! Good trouble ! I will build a straw house , which is the easiest .
The straw house was quickly covered , and the pig brother was very proud . He immediately went to find two younger brothers . He said to them proudly that my house was covered , very beautiful , and you should cover it soon ! Wow , it really is a big brother , the house is really beautiful , you are amazing ! Big Brother , don't you worry that the straw house will be blown down by the wind ? The pig brother thought about it and thought that the pig brother said it makes sense .
The straw house will be blown down by the wind , then I will cover it with wood . The wooden house is heavier and not afraid of the wind .
After the pig brother decided to work hard , he knocked on the nails for a while , saw the wood for a while , and soon , one The wooden house is covered , you see , such a beautiful house ! And the nail is very strong , won't be blown down by the wind , I am very good ! Second brother , although the wooden house will not be blown down by the wind , but the hard hit , the wood will be interrupted , and the house will collapse .
Do you think you are the smartest ? Seeing that you moved the bricks for a whole day , the house has not been covered .
You are stupid ! The pig brother ignored the ridicule of his brother . He continued to move the bricks and prepare to build a brick house .
Pig brother thought , don't laugh at me , when I build a house , you will know , my house is stronger than anything , the big wolf is coming , I am not afraid ! The next day , three little pigs went to work in the field . I didn't expect to be found by a big wolf on the way home . The big wolf kept tracking them . When the pig brother just got home , he heard the voice of the big wolf .  ! Pig friend , open the door for me ! The pig big brother was so scared that he was white . He quickly took a big lock and locked the door tightly . You big fool , this straw house , I took a breath and fell .
The big wolf slammed hard , and the rice house was blown down . The pig brother was scared to run to the pig brother's house .
The pig brother flustered and ran into the log house of the pig brother , and quickly closed the door , fearing that the wild wolf would come in , the big wolf howled .
The wooden house can't stop me , I must eat it all ! Run now ! Big brother and pig brother rushed to the pig's younger brother's home .
At this time , the pig brother is buying an apple before the vendor , and accepts you a fifty yuan and two ten yuan . Thank you ! The big wolf has been chasing them behind .
When the pig brother saw the big wolf , he was chasing the pig big brother and the pig brother , and he took the apple he had just bought and threw it at the big wolf , the hateful wolf .
Hey ! The pig brother quickly rushed to the house with his brothers .
Soon , the big wolf chased it , he said angrily , hehe ! I dare to use the apple to throw me , see that I knocked down your house , you will be eaten by me , and the big wolf said and started to hit the wall .
He made all his strength and slammed into the brick wall ! The brick wall did not move , but the bones of the wolf were broken .
Oh , it hurts me , it hurts me ! The big wolf cried and went home .
From then on , the three brothers lived together , went to bed together every day , worked together , lived happily ever after , and the wolf never appeared again !
